Hey, good morning family.
Well, I have a hard word to give, but first off, I want to tell you all thank you for praying for me.
Thank you for being here and being a part of this family, this prayer channel.
You know, I was going to do this word yesterday and I was going to tell you what the Lord is showing me concerning America and what's coming.
But I didn't want to come out and just give it.
I wanted to pray over it.
Yesterday, like I said, I was driving around and the Lord gave me the word.
He said, 'I want you to go home and I want you to dig in the flower beds.
I want you to go outside and pull weeds right now.
' I said, 'Well, I'm going to go in and do the video.
' He said, 'No, you're not.
You're going to go outside and pull weeds.
' I said, 'Yes, sir.
' So, I was out there just praying in the spirit and just pulling weeds in the flower bed all afternoon and just praying and asking Him, 'So, what do you want me to say?
' And He said, 'Nothing yet.
Go low.
Go slow.
Go low inside.
Go deep inside.
Pray in the spirit and go slow about it.
Don't be quick to deliver a word.
There's no urgency.
' And He gave me the scriptures.
He said, 'Ephesians 5:1: Be an imitator of God, as dear children imitate their earthly fathers.
Imitate the Lord.
' And I was like, 'So what do you mean by that?
' And He started talking about how He wasn't quick to go out and raise Lazarus from the dead.
The urgency was there and everybody was pushing Him, saying, 'Lazarus is sick.
He's dying,' and all the things were going around—all the voices around Him.
He was hearing Lazarus is sick and dying, and all the voices around Him were trying to pressure Him to move out of what God was telling Him to do, which was stay still, peace, peace.
Four days go by, and Jesus goes, and they said, 'He stinks, Lord.
' So there was no urgency in His spirit except to follow what the Father had told Him to do.
Then He started bringing up Mary and Martha.
Mary was sitting at the feet of Jesus, listening to Him, staying vertical.
She didn't do what Martha was doing.
Martha was in there probably throwing pots and pans around, getting all upset because nobody was in there helping her, because she felt it was urgent to cook the food for all the disciples and for Jesus.
And so Mary is doing what we should be doing, staying at the feet of Jesus.
There's no urgency when you're in peace like that, is what the Lord was showing me.
Be an imitator of God.
What did Jesus do?
He stayed, and He heard the Father's voice concerning Lazarus.
And what did Mary do?
She stayed at His feet.
Martha was out there doing all the busy work, but she should have been at the feet, too.
The urgency of the hour is staying at the feet of Jesus, not being moved by the circumstances of what you're seeing in the news, thinking, 'I've got to come out and tell everybody what the Lord is saying.
' And the Lord said, 'No, pull weeds.
' I said, 'Whoa, I don't understand.
' But it's called dying to self, and it's His channel.
And that's what He was trying to get across to me: no matter how much you think you need to deliver a word because you know it's important, this is more important.
'I need you to rest.
I need you to stay right here at my feet right now, vertical.
There's much that I need to talk to you about.
And the only way you're going to hear what I'm going to tell you is by staying right here like Mary.
Don't be Martha right now, Brandon.
Stay at my feet.
' There are a lot of people being Marthas, and they're running around trying to make the first video and be the first.
He said, 'But it's more important to be accurate, and the only way you stay accurate is staying at my feet.
Pull weeds.
' And I was like, you know, you have all these things going, 'Well, I've got to pull weeds.
Be still.
' Do you know how hard it is sometimes when you feel like you haven't heard the word and you're going, 'Well, Lord, you gave me the word, so...
' But here I was, and I started praying in the spirit, and you know what He started doing?
He started showing me flowers.
I started praying in the spirit and I'm looking and seeing if He's going to show me anything else, and He started showing me flowers.
I saw beautiful lavender flowers that looked like heaven.
It was glimpses, and I started weeping because of the beauty of the flowers.
And He said, 'Remember, just like George Washington Carver, Brandon.
He was the man that talked with the flowers, and God showed him the secret things because he put God first, and he didn't let the clutter cloud his mind of what was going on around him.
He took time to spend with the Great Creator every single day at four o'clock in the morning.
And no matter how much was going around him, he would always talk to the peanut, and the peanut shared its secrets with him.
' George Washington Carver was a great man of God.
And so I want to tell you, for what I'm about to tell you, this came later—more of what He was showing me is in store: 'A great shaking to awaken.
' He keeps talking to me about it.
And at this time, I was so tired.
I was dozing off, and all of a sudden He wanted to talk more about what's coming, and I had heavy eyes.
I was on the couch, and I was bobbing, doing the old bob.
All of a sudden, He said, 'I have something to say.
' And I went, 'Yes, sir.
What's going on?
' You know, and I started praying, and I'm talking down low.
I said, 'Well, Lord, you picked a real fine time.
' But it's not in my time; it's in Yours.
It was when my flesh was out of the way.
I was completely exhausted, and I told my son, 'Grab the recorder.
' I said, 'The Father's going to talk, and I'm really tired right now, but I'm going to say what He says.
' But I was dead to my flesh at that point instead of being like a chicken with its head cut off, flapping its wings all around.
It was at the time when my flesh was out of the way and He could talk the loudest.
And I said, 'You know, Lord, You really are so amazing to me.
' 'Focus on the flowers today, Brandon.
Focus on the flowers.
' And there will be a lot of you who say, 'Oh, Brandon, get to it.
' I just did.
I just did.
I just told you a vital piece of the puzzle that many of you will try to bypass because you're so busy.
But like the Lord is always telling me, He said, 'You're in a hurry to go nowhere.
Nothing else matters.
Everything that you're trying to achieve on this earth is going to be gone.
' Most people are trying to build their future and all these great things, the wealth and all the things on this earth.
But the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, sow the seeds for the thousand years.
Sow the seeds for what you'll reap on the other side.
For what you sow in secret, you'll be rewarded openly.
' So, this is what I saw.
You know, a lot of people are focused on the peace agreement.
They're saying, 'Hey, we're going to have a ceasefire and all these things.
' And if you go back to the video where I was praying—I gave a short on it back in December—the Lord showed me that they'll call peace and safety.
There'll be peace agreements.
So, we go to what the Lord's already showed us, and now we're seeing it in the news seven months later.
Seven months later, and He's warning about sudden destruction, major attacks still coming.
They are not satisfied with what they have achieved.
Iran is saying this because they lost so much.
They dumped billions and billions of dollars into their nuclear program and it was completely wiped out.
A lot of it—I don't think all of it, in my opinion, of what I've seen in the spirit.
Not all of it, but a big majority of it.
And the Lord showed me still to come a major revival in Iran—a major, major revival.
As they're distracted, the infrastructure of things is going to be very crippled, set back by decades.
The Lord said, 'like the Stone Age, back in the decades,' because they're going to be delayed big time.
But I saw infrastructure problems with the electricity, with a lot of things.
And the Lord even talked about oil.
So with all that being said, what was the next thing I told you?
I warned you about a biological attack coming out of Syria.
And many people, when they saw the World War II video, they said, 'Brandon, you said there would be a great betrayal.
' And I said, 'Wait, it's still coming.
Wait, it's still coming.
' I see these are different visions for different scenarios, and it's not all about what's happening right now.
This is like an onion; it has a lot of layers.
And the next thing I believe we're going to see is a major attack against Syria as Iran retaliates.
And the Houthis, the rebels, and these people out of Syria will use some kind of biological weapon, and they will attack them, and Damascus will become a ruinous heap when this takes place.
I saw Turkey come to the aid of a wounded brother.
I even have the video.
This is exactly what the Lord said: they will come to the aid of a wounded brother, and all the other Arab nations will be furious when Israel strikes Syria in the days ahead.
They weren't upset so much about Iran.
The Lord said this was a red-headed stepchild to their faith.
But Syria is pure blood to them; they're upset about this for some reason.
And I don't understand all this stuff—the Shiites and the Sunnis and all that stuff.
It's because, you know, it's just not what I know.
But the Lord said, 'When they attack Syria, son, you're going to see a great uprising.
' But not only that, there will be troops on the ground.
A major, major war will break out when this takes place, but this is later.
But I've warned you.
When does this happen?
I don't know.
But I've warned you about an uprising of financial things with crypto and oil, and things with the uprising of the Antichrist and all this stuff in the days ahead where you see the changing of the tide.
It's coming.
It's coming, going from Western to Middle Eastern, and you're going to see an uprising of things.
And I've told you, a new industrial revolution.
I've warned you about a lot of stuff, and to go and rehearse every vision right now would be redundant and take too much time, and there are a lot of you who don't want to take that time.
But I rehearsed you about the Macy's and all the things that I've told you to pray over—the Fourth of July, praying over our nation, our churches, our mega-churches, from Joel Osteen to Steven Furtick, the mega-churches in this nation.
And then I saw that judgment begin in the house of the Lord.
It was a two-sided thing: you would see fear about people gathering together, and then there's correction coming to churches.
I saw in California and other mega-churches that there will be a major cleansing of the house because there's been hidden sin.
That's been another part of this.
Okay, so what do I see right now?
What I saw yesterday: I saw major cyberattacks coming.
I saw major cyberattacks coming.
And when it happens, I saw the electric grid in major cities being cyberattacked, and I saw the people that were behind this.
I saw the dragon.
I saw Iran.
There was more to this unfolding than just Iran in the days ahead.
Okay, so do you know about our planes and all the weirdness that's been going on with our flights, and people landing wrong, doing things right?
Planes flipping upside down—weird stuff that we've never seen before, a lot of uneasiness about flying.
I saw cyberattacks on planes.
I saw certain airlines that start with an A being attacked because of their name.
Then I saw people flying in these jets and their screens going black, like a fuse messed up or something.
I don't know how it happens, it just goes, and I saw all their instruments, and all of a sudden, the plane falls out of the sky.
Great confusion when it comes to this.
I saw the radars and the flight decks of all the major airports going dark.
Confusion, not knowing how to tell the pilots where to be in the skies, like a movie.
This was very real and very detailed in this vision, seeing this great confusion coming to certain airline industries, trying to get people to be afraid to fly.
Then I saw a major bank, and on the bank, one of the words starts with an A.
That's similar to the airplane—they're kind of the same.
That's what I'm going to tell you.
And when this takes place, I saw people not being able to get their money out because the computers were down.
ATMs—I saw people at the ATM trying to put their card in, and all the ATMs at that certain bank were completely black.
They weren't able to have banking because there was a cyberattack with the banks, and people were panicking, trying to get their money out, and they couldn't because the banks were down, trying to mess with the economy.
Okay, when I saw the grid for the electricity and the cyberattacks, it was in New York.
I saw New York City—I saw the Big Apple, right?
What you would say, but it was like a major American city.
I saw darkness on all of the major buildings.
And they were shining lights somehow—I don't know how, like generators trying to shine lights to create power because they didn't want people to loot.
Spotlights, you know, trying to make things look brighter in the city by generators.
And I saw light shining on the buildings for reflection, because it's kind of mirrored on the glass of the buildings.
But they were trying to make it where it was trying to glow because it was so dark in the city.
And that's really interesting.
I don't know, it's just what I saw, and I'm just telling you what I saw—trying to shine it off the building.
So I saw all that.
I saw the FAA—cyberattacks coming to the FAA.
And I saw darkness on Cuba—darkness like a complete grid-down.
And this was on purpose and in retaliation.
There are things there that are not being said because they're making ties with Russia.
And because of these ties with Russia, certain entities are trying to influence—they see it, they know it's coming, they know what they're doing.
And there's darkness coming to Cuba.
I saw darkness on it, and I don't know why—some kind of cyber, I don't know, but I saw darkness.
And I've told you that.
And the mules left during the darkness—the mules left trying to be in the cover of night.
There's more to this.
But what we saw at the beginning of the year with planes doing certain things that seemed kind of off was cyber.
There's more cyber to this.
So I tell you all this not to create fear, but to warn you.
You know, when I saw all the fish floating in the water because of the volcanoes that are about to erupt, and I saw the major attacks.
And the Lord kept bringing up Timothy McVeigh to me, and I thought, 'Lord, why do you keep talking about Timothy McVeigh?
' Y'all let the elevator go to the top, Brandon.
It's because the Lord said, 'Brandon, it's what he used.
It's what he used.
I'm telling you, don't forget Timothy McVeigh because I'm trying to talk to you.
' It's like code he's trying to tell me—it's what he used.
And folks, I've already warned you in January about the fertilizer.
And I thought, 'Well, that's interesting,' because I added it together, because when I'm hearing something, I just repeat what I hear, and I just go, 'This is what I hear: don't forget Timothy McVeigh.
' And I'm like, 'Okay, well, that doesn't make any sense to me in the natural, but I'll say it.
' And I say it, and then I'm asking Him, and I just go into prayer by myself and I...
Can I ask a question?
Why do you keep saying that?
It doesn't make any sense to me.
That man's dead.
He was executed.
He says, "It's because of how he did it and what he did.
" And I said, "Oh my gosh, I was just a kid.
" I remember.
So my son, we all googled; he used the fertilizer.
And the Lord told me, "I want you to remember the bomb.
This stuff is still...
you need to pray this.
This is very serious stuff that I'm talking about right now, folks.
" And so I bring all this to you because as we see Iran say, "Oh, yeah, we have a ceasefire agreement," remember, there's an enemy within.
There's an enemy within.
And I'm telling you, thanks to Joe Biden for doing that because they opened the borders.
And the Lord told me again in my prayer time when he visited me, he said, "You will be so thankful in the days ahead for the leadership Trump will bring in this time, for there is a great humbling coming.
" He said a shaking that will bring people to their knees.
That means to prayer.
Do you see that when he says that?
He said a shaking that will awaken, that will bring people to their knees.
And I thought, "Well, are they going to bow down?
" No, to bring you to your knees.
Here I am again.
I'm repeating what he says and I'm going, "What does that mean?
They're going to be brought to their knees?
" Well, they're going to pray.
They're going to humble themselves and pray because all the stuff that's coming is going to freak them out.
It's going to bring people back to prayer.
And he said, "I'm waking up the bride.
I'm waking up the church.
I'm coming.
" But a lot of these things, people think that America is going to come out of this and we're going to have all...
I'm not doubting that we're going to have some good days.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Lord said, "Those that bless Israel I will bless.
" And I saw great blessing.
And I heard President Trump in the spirit realm say, "Drill, baby, drill!
" And I saw great oil wealth.
How many times have I told you I've heard that?
Well, he just did a Truth Social: "Drill, baby, drill.
Open the wells as the Strait in Iran.
" The Lord showed me them trying to block things and trying to cause oil prices and the economies of the world to crash.
They're mad.
But I'm telling you, it's in retaliation to what has been done to them.
So, they're not over, regardless of if we try to strong-arm them.
They are a wounded animal and they are waiting to retaliate and strike back.
But it will be a Pearl Harbor experience.
It will be when you are not expecting it.
And that's why we have got to get this in the spirit realm first before it manifests.
Does that make sense?
We need to know ahead of time.
And the Lord says he doesn't want any of us to be caught off guard.
The Holy Spirit will lead us and guide us into all things.
But it takes us sitting at his feet like Mary, sitting outside in the flowers, and saying, "Stop all the clutter.
" That's what he tried to tell me.
You've got to stop all the clutter.
What's most important right now is going inward and staying vertical.
All this other stuff—who's saying what, who's saying this—no.
Stay at my feet.
It doesn't matter.
There are many voices right now.
There are many words being prophesied right now, and it's not about being first; it's about being accurate.
Do you understand?
There'll be many words that are given and they'll prove just to be hot air.
I do not want to be hot air.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, the only way you will remain as accurate as what has been is to keep going within, listening to the Holy Spirit.
" That is what he's talking about—getting in this Bible, praying in tongues, sitting at his feet.
Stop.
It's not about all the hype.
Do you see?
The hype is not where he's at.
He said, "I'm in the still, small voice sitting in the garden, not the spotlights.
" God does not like the spotlights.
God likes slow and steady wins the race, not the hare.
Fast, fast, fast, sleep on the side.
So I try to present it to you in a way of how I'm being corrected, because you think you have to be so quick to do things and the Lord says, "I'm not in it.
I'm not in it.
I'm not in the ego of it.
If you want to be with me, you're going to be slow, just like Lazarus.
" Everybody's panicking.
"He's dead.
What are you going to do?
He's sick.
Come pray for him.
" He's like, "I'll go.
I'll go when I'm told to.
" Four days.
"Well, why are you here now?
Well, he stinks now," sarcastically.
"You're a little late.
" "Oh ye of little faith.
Throw the stone away.
Lazarus, come forth!
" A miracle happens.
God's not in the static.
He's in that peace.
He is the Prince of Peace, ladies and gentlemen.
He is the peace that passes all understanding, and he is not in chaos.
He is in peace.
Don't be quick to react.
Be quick to pray.
Be slow to speak.
That's what he says to me: "Be slow to speak, Brandon.
Be still, Brandon.
Shh.
I'm not in all that.
Be slow to speak, son.
Shh.
" But I'm warning you what he says today, and that's what I had for you because it shook me.
So I've taken the time to pray over it, and I saw major attacks still coming.
I saw a major shaking coming to America as the black horse gets ready to ride.
The Lord said, "You have a window of great blessing.
" And that's why we want to be plugged in and go to Billy Burke meetings, go to be around revival.
Diana and I are desperate for it.
And that's the only way you stay vertical—by being in meetings and feeding your spirit and getting that fresh touch.
You just need one second with the Father, which turns into hours because you don't want to leave that one second.
That one second changes you, and you just go, "If I could just get a thimbleful like this of the living water of fresh Holy Ghost and drink it today, it's going to change my life forever.
" And that's all that matters.
I had a word for you all, and it was about staying on the vine.
And the Lord said, "You'll see so many ministries in the days ahead that have detached the branch from the vine.
And you'll see you have a little bit of life for a little bit, Brandon, whenever you detach yourself.
But eventually the branch withers and dies.
" The fruit of it, even fruit like an apple tree or whatever, you cut that off, there are some apples on it—they don't die instantaneously, but over the course of time, because they're not on the vine, they wither up.
And he said, "You'll see a lot of ministries that have detached themselves from me that are living off of several years ago being on that branch, and they were a big branch.
And the bigger the branch, the more life it had in it.
But the more they're detached from him, the more they dry up.
" And he said, "The only way you'll have true life in these last days is if you abide in me and my words remain in you.
You must stay on the vine for what is coming, or you will not make it.
You have to go vertical all the time and stay on that vine.
Do not allow yourself to be separated from him, no matter all the hype of what's going on around you.
" He said, "You will see many fearful things.
" If you're going horizontal and you're looking at all the stuff going on in the world, the Bible says that men's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
That's people who are detaching themselves.
If I'm staying on him, if he's abiding in me and I'm abiding in him and I'm imitating him as Ephesians 5:1 says—imitating him as dear children imitate their father—imitate God.
He is not in a hurry.
He's not in chaos.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
But he's that still, small voice that will lead you.
And it's so important for what's coming for you to understand: go back to the basics.
Go back to the basics.
We've got to go back to what we cut our teeth on.
What are the fundamentals of Christianity?
Do not forget the fundamentals.
Don't make it so hard like an algebra equation and think, 'Well, you know, Christianity is so hard.
' No, it's easy for a five-year-old to have it.
Go back to the basics: ABCs, one-two-threes.
It's all easy.
Get in the Word.
Pray in tongues.
Pray in English, whatever you know.
Go to church.
Volunteer.
Do what you've got to do.
Stay close to the Vine.
And that's where it is every day.
And I'm telling you, it's hard, especially the bigger this platform gets because you're swayed by people.
You know, it tries to pull you—the need of the people, the need of the people.
'Lazarus is dead.
We need you to pray.
' Hold on, I've got to go vertical.
I've got to stay in my ABCs, because if I don't get this part right, this part's really going to mess up.
If I don't get my one-two-threes right, no matter how bad I know the people need me—no, no.
Vertical, vertical, vertical.
Keep my eyes on Jesus.
That's all that matters.
Because if I hear Him, He does the rest because it's all about Him anyway.
It's like Billy Burke says: you attract to deflect.
Do you understand?
The anointing attracts the people to deflect the glory to Him.
We always deflect the glory to Him.
It's important that He gets all the glory, honor, and praise at all times, especially for what is coming.
A major harvest of souls is coming.
And then the Lord told me, He said, 'I'm dealing with Iran, and there will be more crippling within, and you'll see a great change—a great change in the church, a great change for the people who have been behind the Iron Curtain that have not been able to get the Word to them.
I'm bringing that down so every ear will hear.
And I'm ready to deal with Kim Jong-un and his family.
And there will be a window of opportunity, and I saw South Korea coming in and bringing the gospel to them as you see a tyrant regime brought down in the days ahead.
He is a social pariah.
' And the Lord told me, 'I'm going to deal with him.
And there will be a window of opportunity before China tries to come in and bring in more communism and all the things that they try to do to try to keep North Korea under their boot.
You'll see this.
' But the Lord said, 'I'm giving a window for My people to hear, and they will entertain angels unaware.
A major, major move of God is coming in North Korea, I tell you by the Spirit of God.
' He said, 'I've not forgotten the people of North Korea, just like I have not forgotten whenever the children of Israel were bound by Pharaoh.
I have not forgotten the Asian people.
' He said, 'A major move of God, creative miracles beyond anything you could imagine.
' He said, 'Brandon, it's going to be supernatural like you've never seen before—even more so there than what it will even be in America.
' He said, 'I'm wooing the people.
Great bondage has been on them, and I'm wooing the people.
Watch.
' And so it's time to get excited about what is coming.
I tell you the hard things, but I have to warn you about all of it.
There are two sides.
And it's time to be excited and busy about our Father's business.
So, the belly of the ship—people said, 'What kind of boat was that that you saw?
' After studying, my son studied it for a while and he said, 'Daddy, that is an oil tanker.
It's a red...
'—he even named the company that makes it—'a red deck on a white-looking where the people are, where the captain is at, with a black belly of a boat.
' It had black, red, and white, and it was an oil tanker.
And the Lord said, 'This is what they haul major crude out of, where that strait's at.
' And I thought, 'That is so wild.
' This is what they all use.
Iran, all of them—they all use these big oil tankers.
And that was the boat I saw that had the dirty thing in the middle of it, and it was oil inside there.
When it went, it just messed things up really bad because it was an oil tanker full of oil, you know.
I tell you about that, the water supplies, and so much, folks.
There's so much to this, but that's not even the fearful sights in the heavens that you're about to see.
The Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, a major shaking's coming to the electromagnetic poles—the way the True North and all those things.
I saw a major shifting coming to those poles.
' And He even told me, He said, 'You'll see things with the sun.
Major disruptions on the sun are coming.
There's a binary system that people are not focused on, I'm telling you.
' And people call it Planet X.
People call it Nibiru or whatever, but I'm telling you, I've seen this in the spirit, and this stuff is real.
And people go, 'Oh, that sounds like something way out there, Bran.
' I'm telling you, I've seen it in the spirit.
I've seen a black-looking planet thing that was completely blacked out that was moving, and it was spooky when I was watching it move, and I was like, 'What is that?
' But I'm telling you, something major is coming.
Something major is coming.
And Gil Broussard, I guess, is his name, because after I started seeing this stuff, I was Googling, and my son was helping me, and Diana was helping me, and we're like, 'What is this stuff?
' Because, you know, when you're seeing it, it's like, 'Is this...
' You don't want to be flaky.
I mean, it's like, 'What in the world?
' But the Lord starts showing me this stuff, and I'm like, 'I'm telling you, there is something coming.
' And Wormwood is coming, but Wormwood is not the big problem.
Most people are like, 'Wormwood's a big deal.
' No, there's more than just Wormwood.
There's more stuff coming—scary stuff coming that people are just like, 'Oh my gosh.
' And I'm telling you, when you see it and it's glowing, it'll look like those movies with Gerard Butler—that asteroid movie that he made—and everybody's so freaked out about it, and you see this stuff and they try to stop things, and you see all this stuff coming to the earth.
And I'm like, 'No, it's not what's going to happen because the Lord told us it's not going to be destroyed by an asteroid.
It's going to be destroyed by fire, and that's at the very end.
But there will be fearful sights in the heavens.
' If you go back to Oral Roberts' vision, the wakeup call—go look it up, 'The Wakeup Call' by Oral Roberts—that has never happened.
And many people are like, 'I think that was COVID.
' It's not.
It was not COVID.
They try to add to it and try to take away from it and go, 'Well, this is what I think it was.
' It's not what you think.
It's 'What does the Spirit of God say?
' Stop trying to add to it.
Follow the Holy Ghost, and He will show you what's coming.
You cannot add to it or take away from anything by putting your thoughts to it.
Now, I try a little bit, but the Lord always spanks me for it and says, 'Don't do that.
You don't know what you're doing.
Keep praying, and I'll show you more.
' Okay?
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, today's your day.
You say, 'Man, you freaked me out, sir.
' It's not my intention.
My intention is to sound the alarm to you as loud as I can to tell you Jesus Christ is coming, and a great shaking is coming to this earth.
You have one more opportunity to get on the boat, just like it said.
He said, 'As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
' Noah told everybody for a hundred years that there was a flood coming.
He warned them over and over again.
And history tells us what we can see with even the floods and all the different erosion over in the Grand Canyon and all the things that we see on our earth, that there was sea life way high.
The floods came, and they came in an instant.
Do you understand?
That's the way it's going to be.
Jesus Christ is coming as a thief in the night, ladies and gentlemen.
And many of you are not ready for what's about to take place.
But today, the Lord Jesus Christ tells me to tell you, you have an opportunity to get on the boat.
Will you get on the boat today?
All you have to do is surrender your life over to him.
It's not hard.
We make it hard.
But the Lord wants you to know that even a child has the opportunity to accept Jesus Christ as their Lord and personal savior.
He said, "Beloved, I don't want that any man should perish, but all come to repentance.
" And that's women and men.
Do you understand?
He doesn't want anybody to perish.
But you have a choice to make today.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Will you shun hell?
Will you gain heaven?
All you have to do is accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior right now.
You just have to say this simple prayer after me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died and rose again on the third day.
I believe you are seated at the right hand of the father.
Jesus, forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's book of life.
I want you to be my Lord and personal Savior.
Forgive me, Lord.
I've been a sinner and I need a savior.
Today I ask you to be my savior.
Today I ask you to write my name in that lamb's book.
I need you, Lord.
I've messed up a lot, but today I'm coming home.
Today I want to be set free.
Today I walk away from what I did in the past and I go on with you in the future.
Thank you, Lord, for accepting me, and I come just as I am.
I love you, Jesus, and I'll serve you from this day forward.
" That's all you have to do.
You say a simple prayer just like that, but it has to be from your heart.
Now, find a Bible.
Read your Bible every day.
Pray every day.
Find a Bible-believing church—a good Bible-believing church.
If you don't have a place to go, come here.
We'll teach you the word.
You can come here.
I'll be a pastor to you.
We'll pray.
We'll do whatever we have to do until you find a place.
But find a place to go and tell that pastor there, "Hey, I got born again on a YouTube broadcast and I need to be water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Go and volunteer.
Do whatever you have to do.
Plug yourself in.
If they have classes, take some classes.
Learn about the Christian faith and what you've decided to do today.
And find books, you know, and you just come here, we'll help you.
But if you can't afford a Bible and you say, "Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I don't have any money to do it.
Man, I'm barely making it from paycheck to paycheck.
And now you're telling me I've got to find a Bible.
" Diana and I would love to buy you a Bible.
If you say, "I can't afford one and I'm a brand new Christian.
I need this," Diana and I would love to buy you a Bible.
You tell us in the email in this description down below.
It's down here.
You just click on that and it has our contact information there.
Click that and say in the headline, "I need a Bible.
I got born again today.
" Put it in bold like you're yelling, you know, like in all caps.
And my wife, Diana, is sitting behind the camera now.
She is.
We're more than happy to send you a Bible.
Now, it may be a little bit because we've done a couple of altar calls and we've had to catch up with all this.
Please be patient with us, but we are on it and we're going to get you a Bible.
Whenever you email us, just put "I can't afford a Bible" in the title and then if you just put your address in the body of the email, that way I can get that to you.
We'll send it through Amazon.
It'll be a brand new one from Amazon.
So, it's exciting.
And we won't ever use your information, and we'll never bother you again.
It's just so we can get the Bible to you.
I don't want to be solicited either.
You get all that junk mail in the mail and you're just like, "Come on.
" I'm like, "I don't like all that.
" So we won't bother you either, but we do want to love on you.
And if you could just tell us in the comment section right now, tell us, "I got born again watching this broadcast.
" And we want to rejoice with you.
We want to rejoice with you because I know that the angels in heaven are throwing a party right now.
They're so excited because you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
And we want to do it with you, too.
So tell us in the comment section.
Say, "I gave my heart to Jesus today.
And it was the greatest decision I've ever made.
" I believe the peace that passes all understanding is going to flood your heart today.
And I believe right now that all the old things are being broken off of you, bondage, things like that.
And I believe that Jesus came to set the captives free.
And today is your day, the first day of great freedom, a new birth, a new great decision is happening for you, a new transfer inside of your heart, a changing of things.
We pray that part of it blessed you.
Now, we're going to pray for all and see if the Holy Spirit has anything for us today.
Diana and I are going to take communion with you right now for the people, and so now, you new believers, you can follow along.
If you want to take communion, you can, too.
So, it's all just we get this—the Bible says to take communion and do it often in remembrance of what the Lord Jesus Christ did for us.
Jesus paid the price for every single one of us to walk in victory, to not have to walk in sickness, not have to walk in disease.
And this is a reminder of what he did for us.
He did so much on that cross for us, and we're so grateful for everything he did.
So that's why I do this.
It's to remind—it's reminding us.
Thank you, Father.
So I lift up this body before you, Father.
And I thank you, Father, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you.
And with your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And I take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that we're healed and whole and well by your stripes.
From the top of our head to the soles of our feet, we are healed and whole and well.
And we go vertical.
Father, we keep our eyes fixed on you.
We keep our eyes fixed on you.
We're not looking around us at what we see.
We're not moved by what we see.
We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word says.
And Father, I thank you for what your word says.
And you became sickness for us.
You became poor for us.
You became tormented for us.
You did it all so that we could walk in victory.
And we take this by faith in the name of Jesus.
Now, Lord, you said if we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And I thank you for the blood, Lord.
And we make much of the blood today.
We plead the blood.
Apply the blood over every single one of us all across this broadcast, all across our homes.
We thank you, Father, for the blood of Jesus that washes our sins away.
Thank you, Lord.
The blood that protects us, the blood that washes, the blood that keeps us whole.
We love you, Lord.
And we thank you, Father, for the great hand of protection over this nation in the name of Jesus.
Over your nation, too.
You believe it?
It's something so simple, but it's yet so beautiful and so holy.
We complicate our walk with the Lord, and he wants it to be so simple and so easy for us.
He doesn't want any of us to perish, but all to come to repentance.
And it's all about relationship.
He wants a relationship with every single one of us.
"Well, Brandon, you do this,.
" No, every single one of us.
And there is no one greater in his eyes and no one smaller.
We're all his children.
And he loves us.
We're all part of this great orchestra called the family of God.
One plays the drums, one plays the tuba, one plays the bass, one plays, you know, everybody.
But as we play together, we make beautiful music together.
One plays the flute, Diana plays the flute, you play the flute, you can play the cymbals, but all of them, even if the cymbals don't seem like a big thing, without those cymbals, it doesn't sound right, does it?
They all provide a beautiful noise, but all of them together make a beautiful noise.
And it's a symphony before the Father.
And I believe that's why we all bring our part on this channel today.
Every one of us are bringing it.
You may be the saxophone, you may be the trumpet, but either way, when we play it together as a family, we are so beautiful together.
We're pretty alone.
Don't you think a nice clarinet sounds neat every once in a while by itself and you hear somebody who's really good at it, but when you add the clarinet with the saxophone and that with the trumpet and you put it all together, you go, "Oh my goodness, that's beautiful.
" In my opinion, it is.
Thank you, Father.
No, Lord, we worship you.
We're not in a hurry, Father.
We stay vertical with you, Father.
We stay vertical.
We keep our eyes upon you today.
If you lead, Holy Spirit, you lead, I follow.
What do you have for us today?
Is there anything you want to say today?
And Father, as I press in, Father, I thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come.
and we bind any satanic or demonic force that tries to snare us or we don't see we don't hear or see any familiar spirits or any torment concerning it.
Father, that we only are led by the spirit of God.
For he that is led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God.
And I believe, Father, that today we are the sons and daughters of God.
And we are led by you, Father.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome here in this place.
Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace.
Thou art welcome in this place.
For in your presence there's healing divine.
No other power can save Lord but thine.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place.
Holy Spirit, you are welcome in this place, Omnipotent Father of mercy and grace, thou art welcome in this place.
Oh Jesus.
You're glorious.
Prepare in us your temple.
We are built as living stones to bear your glory.
And as you rose from death in power, come rise among our worship.
Father, we worship you.
Let our hands to You be raised.
Come clothe us with your glory.
Come draw us by our praise.
Oh, the glory of your presence.
We your people give you reverence.
So arise from your rest and be blessed by your praise.
As your presence now fills this place, as your presence now fills this place.
Oh, the glory of your presence.
We your people give you reverence.
The presence of the Lord is here.
I can sense his mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
So whatever you may need, reach out and receive and say it's mine.
I take it now.
Oh, the glory is here.
Yes, the glory is here.
I can sense his mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
So whatever you may need, reach out and receive and say it's mine.
I take it now.
Sing it one more time.
Oh, the glory is here.
Yes, the glory is here.
I can sense his mighty presence in the very atmosphere.
So whatever you may need, reach out and receive it.
Say it's mine, I take it now.
So whatever you may need, reach out and receive and say it's mine.
I take it now.
Lord, we invite you in this time of prayer today.
Of course, it's not about us.
But Father, we wait upon the Lord.
We wait upon you.
Father, we thank you that there is a peace that passes all understanding today that flows over every single person that's watching this today.
That we get lost in it, Father.
I get lost in the worship.
I get lost in your presence.
For I know, Father, that that's where all the other stuff, all this weight, all this stuff, all that you show, Father, I just bring it to you.
You tell me what's coming.
I attract to deflect, Jesus.
Jesus.
There's just something about your name.
Master, Savior, Jesus.
Like a fragrance after the rain.
Jesus.
Let all heaven and earth proclaim.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away.
But there's something about your name.
That's my favorite part of that song.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away.
But there's something about your name.
Jesus.
There's just something about your name.
Oh, he said, "I want to hear this song, Brandon.
" I heard him.
He said, "I'd like to hear that song, Brandon.
" I said, "Okay.
" He liked this song.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the changing one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
Oh, Father, we worship you today.
We magnify.
We magnify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
Glorify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
So you say, why do you sing, Braden?
Because you have to.
If you want to jump in the river of prayer, you must give praise to the Father.
Don't just come in and say we're going to do it because we're in a hurry; then don't do it at all.
You go before Him like that and you sing Him songs.
Not every time, but there's a lot of it.
I feel the atmosphere and you change it.
Change the atmosphere.
You change the atmosphere, and it's like a river in prayer.
You go in the rivers in prayer.
We magnify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name above all our problems, above all that we have going on in our lives.
Now we magnify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
Glorify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
There's healing in the house right now.
There's healing here right now.
Bondage, bondage, bondage is coming off of you.
Bondage, bondage, bondage, broken off of you.
Bondage breaking, breaking off of you.
Break it off of you right now in the name of Jesus.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet, you're free today in Jesus' name.
You're free today in Jesus' name.
Oh, breakthrough in Jesus' name.
Breakthrough in Jesus' name.
We magnify your name.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We give you glory, Lord.
He said, "Sing it again.
" I don't know what I was singing, but it came from him.
Hey, hey, I know.
Isn't that amazing?
I don't know.
That song came right out of my spirit and I don't even know what it was.
That's beautiful.
That was beautiful.
Just know, oh Lord, you're worthy of all our praise.
You're worthy of all our praise.
We humble ourselves before you.
We rest.
We rest at your feet.
We know we need more.
We need more of you, less of us.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
We decrease and you increase.
We decrease.
Father, I give more of myself to you.
Lord, mold us.
Mold me.
Hold me.
Spirit of the living God, fall afresh on me.
We need more—more of you, less of me.
I yield more over to you, Father.
It's like he said, "I'm not in a hurry.
" He's never in a hurry.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
The Lord said he wants to bring a refreshing to you today.
He said, "I want to bring a refreshing to my people today.
They're weary.
Many are weary.
They're weary, Brandon.
Not about showing more of what's coming, dealing with what I've already showed you, but not be weary in what I've told you.
" Do you hear what he just said?
He doesn't want you to be weary.
He said, "They're weary, Brandon.
They need a drink.
" And that's what this is about today.
Oh, yeah, this stuff is going on.
But he said they have to remain hydrated.
You have to remain hydrated, not by water, but by his living water.
You have to remain hydrated.
Did I hear the spirit of the Lord say many are weary in the journey and he says it's time for you to come and drink?
His yoke is easy and his burden is light.
Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you.
I believe it's for me.
I am meek and lowly and my burden's light.
My yoke is easy.
Come unto me and I will give you rest.
I love those old hymns.
I don't know all the words to them, but I remember them as a little boy.
Take my yoke upon you.
Ah, I feel the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
I am meek and low and my burden's light.
Take my yoke upon you.
Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Hear me and be blessed.
I am meek and lowly.
Come and trust my might.
Come, my yoke is easy and my burden's light.
Come unto me and I will give you rest.
Take my yoke upon you.
Hear me and be blessed.
I am meek and lowly.
Come and trust my might.
Come, my yoke is easy and my burden's light.
I like that.
Hallelujah.
And his burden's light.
He said, "My people are weary," and he said, "Brandon, I want to bring an oasis of water to them.
Come and drink.
His burden is light.
His burden is light today.
All ye that are heavy laden.
" He said all this stuff going on in the world right now, he said, "Don't be weary in well-doing.
" He wants to bring you a refreshing today.
It's not all about just seeing; it's about focusing on him and just sometimes getting a good drink because we become spiritually dehydrated.
And in that refreshing drink, it's like a big drink of Fiji water but a lot better.
You'll thirst no more.
You see what I'm saying?
It's like he told the woman at the well.
Like the woman at the well, I was seeking for things that could not satisfy.
And then I heard my Savior speaking, "Draw from the well that never shall run dry.
Fill my cup, Lord, I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
" We thank you for the refreshing that you're doing for your people today.
The people are getting a drink today, Father.
Father, we lift up this time of praise and worship to you.
We thank you, Lord, that you know what we need before we ever needed it, and all the stuff that's going on in the earth right now.
Father, we could be busy about doing it all, always keeping it stirred up, Father, and we become spiritually dry.
And Father, there are times when we just take a timeout and just say, "Father, we're thirsty.
We need a new drink.
" And he said, "I don't want my people being weary in all this.
A fresh drink of water is coming on my people today.
" And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're touching them right where they are.
Father, as we close and we lift up and magnify your name today, Father, I say we just stop and smell the flowers.
We smell the flowers.
And I thank you, Father.
We quiet ourselves down with all that's happening.
And the urgency of where it is, the urgency of the hour is where you are of saying, "I don't want to be a Martha.
I want to be a Mary.
" Thank you, Father.
Glory to your name.
Well, we pray this video blessed you all today.
I know it's kind of different, but it's what the Holy Spirit wanted to do.
And I pray it refreshed you.
I pray we just sing some songs and just love on him.
Because all the other stuff, you can get to taking the care out of our prayer.
It's like so many cares—the war, all the stuff going on—and I'm telling you, that's not where it's at, right, Diana?
Mhm.
Absolutely.
It's just at the rest place, and sometimes the vein is totally different, isn't it?
The river is like going down a lazy river, and we're just having a good old time today, getting refreshed.
So, I don't know, I feel refreshed.
I'm so thankful for it because, I'm telling you, all the things I see are very heavy.
And sometimes I just need to take a timeout and just go, "It's a drink.
" Because sometimes whenever you're seeing the things I see, it's heavy, and you take that timeout and you just get a drink and it's like, okay, yeah, because life is good.
Even whenever we're intercessors and we pray our prayers, you've got to make sure you're staying spiritually hydrated.
Glory to God.
Well, if you're new here and you watched all that, thank you for being here.
Thank you.
I appreciate every single one of you.
If you could, like the video, subscribe if you haven't subscribed, click the notification bell, click a thumbs up, do all the things that we need to do to help the algorithm.
We keep standing.
We keep seeking him.
And in this, I know we will find him, for there is a great, mighty harvest of souls that is about to take place around this world from top to bottom.
I'm telling you, a major, major move of the spirit of God.
But it starts with each one of us.
And how can we do it if we're dry?
How can we do it if we're weary?
We must be encouraged today and know that he has a plan for our lives.
And it's, "Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
" And if you're not prospering in your soul, if you're not prospering in your marriage, if you're not prospering in all that, he wants us to be happy.
He wants us to have a wholeness in our home.
Heaven on earth is what I believe for every day.
Heaven on earth, that it's good days ahead, not drama.
You know, we see the drama, but we're dealing with it.
We're dealing with it.
But sometimes, like I said, we come to him with so much that we say, "It's time just that we need to rest.
" And that's what it was today.
It's been that way for the last two days.
He said, "Brandon, you need to be refreshed.
You have to drink spiritual water.
You have to keep hydrated.
Don't keep pouring out all the time and not fill up the spiritual water tank.
" So, okay, I'm listening to you, Father.
And so, we're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again.
Bye-bye.